docs/docs/Charts/Recharts.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

This is short description

import CodePreview from "@site/src/components/CodePreview/CodePreview";
import LineRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/LineRechart/LineRechart";
import AreaRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/AreaRechart/AreaRechart";
import BarRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/BarRechart/BarRechart";
import ScatterRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/ScatterRechart/ScatterRechart";

## Examples

### Line Chart
<CodePreview>
    <LineRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Line Chart"
import {
    LineChart,
    Line,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    Legend,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];

const LineRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Line Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <LineChart width={500} height={300} data={data}>
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis
                            dataKey="name"
                            padding={{ left: 30, right: 30 }}
                        />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <Legend />
                        <Line
                            type="monotone"
                            dataKey="pv"
                            stroke="#8884d8"
                            activeDot={{ r: 8 }}
                        />
                        <Line type="monotone" dataKey="uv" stroke="#82ca9d" />
                    </LineChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default LineRechart;
```

### Area Chart
<CodePreview>
    <AreaRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Area Chart"
import {
    AreaChart,
    Area,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];

const gradientOffset = () => {
    const dataMax = Math.max(...data.map((i) => i.uv));
    const dataMin = Math.min(...data.map((i) => i.uv));

    if (dataMax <= 0) {
        return 0;
    }
    if (dataMin >= 0) {
        return 1;
    }

    return dataMax / (dataMax - dataMin);
};

const off = gradientOffset();
const AreaRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Area Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <AreaChart
                        width={600}
                        height={300}
                        data={data}
                        margin={{
                            top: 10,
                            right: 30,
                            left: 0,
                            bottom: 0,
                        }}
                    >
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis dataKey="name" />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <defs>
                            <linearGradient
                                id="splitColor"
                                x1="0"
                                y1="0"
                                x2="0"
                                y2="1"
                            >
                                <stop
                                    offset={off}
                                    stopColor="green"
                                    stopOpacity={1}
                                />
                                <stop
                                    offset={off}
                                    stopColor="red"
                                    stopOpacity={1}
                                />
                            </linearGradient>
                        </defs>
                        <Area
                            type="monotone"
                            dataKey="uv"
                            stroke="#000"
                            fill="url(#splitColor)"
                        />
                    </AreaChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default AreaRechart;
```

### Bar Chart
<CodePreview>
    <BarRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Bar Chart"
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import {
    BarChart,
    Bar,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    Legend,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];
const BarRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Bar Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <BarChart
                        width={500}
                        height={300}
                        data={data}
                        margin={{
                            top: 20,
                            right: 30,
                            left: 20,
                            bottom: 5,
                        }}
                    >
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis dataKey="name" />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <Legend />
                        <Bar dataKey="pv" stackId="a" fill="#8884d8" />
                        <Bar dataKey="amt" stackId="a" fill="#82ca9d" />
                        <Bar dataKey="uv" fill="#ffc658" />
                    </BarChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default BarRechart;
```

### Scatter Chart
<CodePreview>
    <ScatterRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Line Chart"
import {
    ScatterChart,
    Scatter,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data01 = [
    { x: 100, y: 200, z: 200 },
    { x: 120, y: 100, z: 260 },
    ...
];
const data02 = [
    { x: 300, y: 300, z: 200 },
    { x: 400, y: 500, z: 260 },
    ...
];

const ScatterRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Scatter Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <div className="d-flex justify-content-center align-items-center">
                        <ScatterChart
                            width={500}
                            height={300}
                            margin={{
                                top: 20,
                                right: 20,
                                bottom: 20,
                                left: 20,
                            }}
                        >
                            <CartesianGrid />
                            <XAxis
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="x"
                                name="stature"
                                unit="cm"
                            />
                            <YAxis
                                yAxisId="left"
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="y"
                                name="weight"
                                unit="kg"
                                stroke="#8884d8"
                            />
                            <YAxis
                                yAxisId="right"
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="z"
                                name="weight"
                                unit="kg"
                                orientation="right"
                                stroke="#82ca9d"
                            />
                            <Tooltip cursor={{ strokeDasharray: "3 3" }} />
                            <Scatter
                                yAxisId="left"
                                name="A school"
                                data={data01}
                                fill="#8884d8"
                            />
                            <Scatter
                                yAxisId="right"
                                name="A school"
                                data={data02}
                                fill="#82ca9d"
                            />
                        </ScatterChart>
                    </div>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default ScatterRechart;

```

Commit message:

all docs props content added

docs/docs/Charts/Recharts.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

Recharts is a composable charting library built with React and D3. Recharts allows you to quickly build your charts with decoupled and reusable React components. Recharts supports many chart types, such as line, area, bar, pie, radar, polar, and treemap. Recharts also enables you to customize your charts by tweaking component props and passing in custom components.

You can find the Recharts component in the `src/views/Recharts` folder

import CodePreview from "@site/src/components/CodePreview/CodePreview";
import LineRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/LineRechart/LineRechart";
import AreaRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/AreaRechart/AreaRechart";
import BarRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/BarRechart/BarRechart";
import ScatterRechart from "@site/src/components/Charts/ScatterRechart/ScatterRechart";

## Examples

### Line Chart
<CodePreview>
    <LineRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Line Chart"
import {
    LineChart,
    Line,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    Legend,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];

const LineRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Line Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <LineChart width={500} height={300} data={data}>
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis
                            dataKey="name"
                            padding={{ left: 30, right: 30 }}
                        />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <Legend />
                        <Line
                            type="monotone"
                            dataKey="pv"
                            stroke="#8884d8"
                            activeDot={{ r: 8 }}
                        />
                        <Line type="monotone" dataKey="uv" stroke="#82ca9d" />
                    </LineChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default LineRechart;
```

### Area Chart
<CodePreview>
    <AreaRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Area Chart"
import {
    AreaChart,
    Area,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];

const gradientOffset = () => {
    const dataMax = Math.max(...data.map((i) => i.uv));
    const dataMin = Math.min(...data.map((i) => i.uv));

    if (dataMax <= 0) {
        return 0;
    }
    if (dataMin >= 0) {
        return 1;
    }

    return dataMax / (dataMax - dataMin);
};

const off = gradientOffset();
const AreaRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Area Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <AreaChart
                        width={600}
                        height={300}
                        data={data}
                        margin={{
                            top: 10,
                            right: 30,
                            left: 0,
                            bottom: 0,
                        }}
                    >
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis dataKey="name" />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <defs>
                            <linearGradient
                                id="splitColor"
                                x1="0"
                                y1="0"
                                x2="0"
                                y2="1"
                            >
                                <stop
                                    offset={off}
                                    stopColor="green"
                                    stopOpacity={1}
                                />
                                <stop
                                    offset={off}
                                    stopColor="red"
                                    stopOpacity={1}
                                />
                            </linearGradient>
                        </defs>
                        <Area
                            type="monotone"
                            dataKey="uv"
                            stroke="#000"
                            fill="url(#splitColor)"
                        />
                    </AreaChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default AreaRechart;
```

### Bar Chart
<CodePreview>
    <BarRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Bar Chart"
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import {
    BarChart,
    Bar,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    Legend,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";

const data = [
    {
        name: "Page A",
        uv: 4000,
        pv: 2400,
        amt: 2400,
    },
    {
        name: "Page B",
        uv: 3000,
        pv: 1398,
        amt: 2210,
    },
    ...
];
const BarRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Bar Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <BarChart
                        width={500}
                        height={300}
                        data={data}
                        margin={{
                            top: 20,
                            right: 30,
                            left: 20,
                            bottom: 5,
                        }}
                    >
                        <CartesianGrid strokeDasharray="3 3" />
                        <XAxis dataKey="name" />
                        <YAxis />
                        <Tooltip />
                        <Legend />
                        <Bar dataKey="pv" stackId="a" fill="#8884d8" />
                        <Bar dataKey="amt" stackId="a" fill="#82ca9d" />
                        <Bar dataKey="uv" fill="#ffc658" />
                    </BarChart>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default BarRechart;
```

### Scatter Chart
<CodePreview>
    <ScatterRechart />
</CodePreview>

```jsx title="Line Chart"
import {
    ScatterChart,
    Scatter,
    XAxis,
    YAxis,
    CartesianGrid,
    Tooltip,
    ResponsiveContainer,
} from "recharts";
import Card from "@/components/Card/Card";
import { CardBody } from "react-bootstrap";

const data01 = [
    { x: 100, y: 200, z: 200 },
    { x: 120, y: 100, z: 260 },
    ...
];
const data02 = [
    { x: 300, y: 300, z: 200 },
    { x: 400, y: 500, z: 260 },
    ...
];

const ScatterRechart = () => {
    return (
        <Card title="Scatter Chart">
            <CardBody>
                <ResponsiveContainer width="100%" height={300}>
                    <div className="d-flex justify-content-center align-items-center">
                        <ScatterChart
                            width={500}
                            height={300}
                            margin={{
                                top: 20,
                                right: 20,
                                bottom: 20,
                                left: 20,
                            }}
                        >
                            <CartesianGrid />
                            <XAxis
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="x"
                                name="stature"
                                unit="cm"
                            />
                            <YAxis
                                yAxisId="left"
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="y"
                                name="weight"
                                unit="kg"
                                stroke="#8884d8"
                            />
                            <YAxis
                                yAxisId="right"
                                type="number"
                                dataKey="z"
                                name="weight"
                                unit="kg"
                                orientation="right"
                                stroke="#82ca9d"
                            />
                            <Tooltip cursor={{ strokeDasharray: "3 3" }} />
                            <Scatter
                                yAxisId="left"
                                name="A school"
                                data={data01}
                                fill="#8884d8"
                            />
                            <Scatter
                                yAxisId="right"
                                name="A school"
                                data={data02}
                                fill="#82ca9d"
                            />
                        </ScatterChart>
                    </div>
                </ResponsiveContainer>
            </CardBody>
        </Card>
    );
};

export default ScatterRechart;

```
